# CoboWaas2.PaymentPayoutItem

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**payout_item_id** | **String** | The payout item ID generated by Cobo. | 
**payout_id** | **String** | The payout ID generated by Cobo. | 
**token_id** | **String** | The ID of the cryptocurrency paid out. | [optional] 
**chain_id** | **String** | The ID of the blockchain network on which the payout occurred. | [optional] 
**amount** | **String** | The amount of the cryptocurrency to pay out.  | 
**status** | [**PaymentPayoutItemStatus**](PaymentPayoutItemStatus.md) |  | 
**source_account** | **String** | The source account from which the payout was made. - If the source account is a merchant account, provide the merchant&#39;s ID (e.g., \&quot;M1001\&quot;). - If the source account is the developer account, use the string &#x60;\&quot;developer\&quot;&#x60;.  | 
**transactions** | [**[PaymentTransaction]**](PaymentTransaction.md) | An array of transactions associated with this payout item. Each transaction represents a separate blockchain operation related to the payout item process. | [optional] 
**created_timestamp** | **Number** | The created time of the payout item, represented as a UNIX timestamp in seconds. | [optional] 
**updated_timestamp** | **Number** | The updated time of the payout item, represented as a UNIX timestamp in seconds. | [optional] 
**crypto_address_id** | **String** | The ID of the crypto address used for crypto payouts. | [optional] 
**crypto_address** | **String** | The actual blockchain address to which funds were transferred. | [optional] 
**commission_fee** | [**CommissionFee**](CommissionFee.md) |  | [optional] 
**bridging_fee** | [**BridgingFee**](BridgingFee.md) |  | [optional] 


