# CoboWaas2.PaymentSettlementEvent

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**data_type** | **String** |  The data type of the event. - &#x60;Transaction&#x60;: The transaction event data. - &#x60;TSSRequest&#x60;: The TSS request event data. - &#x60;Addresses&#x60;: The addresses event data. - &#x60;WalletInfo&#x60;: The wallet information event data. - &#x60;MPCVault&#x60;: The MPC vault event data. - &#x60;Chains&#x60;: The enabled chain event data. - &#x60;Tokens&#x60;: The enabled token event data. - &#x60;TokenListing&#x60;: The token listing event data.        - &#x60;PaymentOrder&#x60;: The payment order event data. - &#x60;PaymentRefund&#x60;: The payment refund event data. - &#x60;PaymentSettlement&#x60;: The payment settlement event data. - &#x60;PaymentTransaction&#x60;: The payment transaction event data. - &#x60;PaymentAddressUpdate&#x60;: The top-up address update event data. - &#x60;BalanceUpdateInfo&#x60;: The balance update event data. - &#x60;SuspendedToken&#x60;: The token suspension event data. - &#x60;ComplianceDisposition&#x60;: The compliance disposition event data. - &#x60;ComplianceKytScreenings&#x60;: The compliance KYT screenings event data. | 
**settlement_request_id** | **String** | The settlement request ID generated by Cobo. | 
**request_id** | **String** | The request ID provided by you when creating the settlement request. | 
**status** | [**SettleRequestStatus**](SettleRequestStatus.md) |  | 
**settlements** | [**[SettlementDetail]**](SettlementDetail.md) |  | 
**created_timestamp** | **Number** | The created time of the settlement request, represented as a UNIX timestamp in seconds. | [optional] 
**updated_timestamp** | **Number** | The updated time of the settlement request, represented as a UNIX timestamp in seconds. | [optional] 
**initiator** | **String** |  The initiator of this settlement request. Can return either an API key or the Payments App&#39;s ID.  - Format &#x60;api_key_&lt;API_KEY&gt;&#x60;: Indicates the settlement request was initiated via the Payments API using the API key. - Format &#x60;app_&lt;APP_ID&gt;&#x60;: Indicates the settlement request was initiated through the Payments App using the App ID.  | [optional] 
**acquiring_type** | [**AcquiringType**](AcquiringType.md) |  | [optional] 
**payout_channel** | [**PayoutChannel**](PayoutChannel.md) |  | [optional] 
**settlement_type** | [**SettlementType**](SettlementType.md) |  | [optional] 
**currency** | **String** | The fiat currency for the off-ramp. | [optional] 
**received_amount_fiat** | **String** | The estimated amount of the fiat currency to receive after off-ramping. This amount is subject to change due to bank transfer fees. | [optional] 
**bank_account** | [**BankAccount**](BankAccount.md) |  | [optional] 



## Enum: DataTypeEnum


* `Transaction` (value: `"Transaction"`)

* `TSSRequest` (value: `"TSSRequest"`)

* `Addresses` (value: `"Addresses"`)

* `WalletInfo` (value: `"WalletInfo"`)

* `MPCVault` (value: `"MPCVault"`)

* `Chains` (value: `"Chains"`)

* `Tokens` (value: `"Tokens"`)

* `TokenListing` (value: `"TokenListing"`)

* `PaymentOrder` (value: `"PaymentOrder"`)

* `PaymentRefund` (value: `"PaymentRefund"`)

* `PaymentSettlement` (value: `"PaymentSettlement"`)

* `PaymentTransaction` (value: `"PaymentTransaction"`)

* `PaymentAddressUpdate` (value: `"PaymentAddressUpdate"`)

* `BalanceUpdateInfo` (value: `"BalanceUpdateInfo"`)

* `SuspendedToken` (value: `"SuspendedToken"`)

* `ComplianceDisposition` (value: `"ComplianceDisposition"`)

* `ComplianceKytScreenings` (value: `"ComplianceKytScreenings"`)

* `unknown_default_open_api` (value: `"unknown_default_open_api"`)




