# CoboWaas2.PaymentPayoutEvent

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**data_type** | **String** |  The data type of the event. - &#x60;Transaction&#x60;: The transaction event data. - &#x60;TSSRequest&#x60;: The TSS request event data. - &#x60;Addresses&#x60;: The addresses event data. - &#x60;WalletInfo&#x60;: The wallet information event data. - &#x60;MPCVault&#x60;: The MPC vault event data. - &#x60;Chains&#x60;: The enabled chain event data. - &#x60;Tokens&#x60;: The enabled token event data. - &#x60;TokenListing&#x60;: The token listing event data.        - &#x60;PaymentOrder&#x60;: The payment order event data. - &#x60;PaymentRefund&#x60;: The payment refund event data. - &#x60;PaymentSettlement&#x60;: The payment settlement event data. - &#x60;PaymentTransaction&#x60;: The payment transaction event data. - &#x60;PaymentAddressUpdate&#x60;: The top-up address update event data. - &#x60;PaymentPayout&#x60;: The payment payout event data. - &#x60;PaymentBulkSend&#x60;: The payment bulk send event data. - &#x60;BalanceUpdateInfo&#x60;: The balance update event data. - &#x60;SuspendedToken&#x60;: The token suspension event data. - &#x60;ComplianceDisposition&#x60;: The compliance disposition event data. - &#x60;ComplianceKytScreenings&#x60;: The compliance KYT screenings event data. - &#x60;ComplianceKyaScreenings&#x60;: The compliance KYA screenings event data. | 
**payout_id** | **String** | The payout ID generated by Cobo. | 
**request_id** | **String** | The request ID provided by you when creating the payout. | 
**payout_channel** | [**PayoutChannel**](PayoutChannel.md) |  | 
**source_account** | **String** | The source account from which the payout will be made. - If the source account is a merchant account, provide the merchant&#39;s ID (e.g., \&quot;M1001\&quot;). - If the source account is the developer account, use the string &#x60;\&quot;developer\&quot;&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**payout_items** | [**[PaymentPayoutItem]**](PaymentPayoutItem.md) | required | [optional] 
**recipient_info** | [**PaymentPayoutRecipientInfo**](PaymentPayoutRecipientInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**initiator** | **String** | The initiator of this payout, usually the user&#39;s API key. | [optional] 
**actual_payout_amount** | **String** | - For &#x60;Crypto&#x60; payouts: The amount of cryptocurrency sent to the recipient&#39;s address, denominated in the token specified in &#x60;recipient_info.token_id&#x60;. - For &#x60;OffRamp&#x60; payouts: The amount of fiat currency sent to the recipient&#39;s bank account, denominated in the currency specified in &#x60;recipient_info.currency&#x60;. (Note: The actual amount received may be lower due to additional bank transfer fees.)  | [optional] 
**commission_fees** | [**[CommissionFee]**](CommissionFee.md) | The commission fees of the payout. | [optional] 
**remark** | **String** | A note or comment about the payout. | [optional] 
**status** | [**PaymentPayoutStatus**](PaymentPayoutStatus.md) |  | 
**created_timestamp** | **Number** | The created time of the payout, represented as a UNIX timestamp in seconds. | 
**updated_timestamp** | **Number** | The updated time of the payout, represented as a UNIX timestamp in seconds. | 
**transactions** | [**[PaymentTransaction]**](PaymentTransaction.md) | An array of payout transactions. | [optional] 



## Enum: DataTypeEnum


* `Transaction` (value: `"Transaction"`)

* `TSSRequest` (value: `"TSSRequest"`)

* `Addresses` (value: `"Addresses"`)

* `WalletInfo` (value: `"WalletInfo"`)

* `MPCVault` (value: `"MPCVault"`)

* `Chains` (value: `"Chains"`)

* `Tokens` (value: `"Tokens"`)

* `TokenListing` (value: `"TokenListing"`)

* `PaymentOrder` (value: `"PaymentOrder"`)

* `PaymentRefund` (value: `"PaymentRefund"`)

* `PaymentSettlement` (value: `"PaymentSettlement"`)

* `PaymentTransaction` (value: `"PaymentTransaction"`)

* `PaymentAddressUpdate` (value: `"PaymentAddressUpdate"`)

* `PaymentPayout` (value: `"PaymentPayout"`)

* `PaymentBulkSend` (value: `"PaymentBulkSend"`)

* `BalanceUpdateInfo` (value: `"BalanceUpdateInfo"`)

* `SuspendedToken` (value: `"SuspendedToken"`)

* `ComplianceDisposition` (value: `"ComplianceDisposition"`)

* `ComplianceKytScreenings` (value: `"ComplianceKytScreenings"`)

* `ComplianceKyaScreenings` (value: `"ComplianceKyaScreenings"`)

* `unknown_default_open_api` (value: `"unknown_default_open_api"`)




