# CoboWaas2.Settlement

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**settlement_request_id** | **String** | The settlement request ID generated by Cobo. | 
**request_id** | **String** | The request ID provided by you when creating the settlement request. | 
**status** | [**SettleRequestStatus**](SettleRequestStatus.md) |  | 
**settlements** | [**[SettlementDetail]**](SettlementDetail.md) |  | 
**created_timestamp** | **Number** | The created time of the settlement request, represented as a UNIX timestamp in seconds. | [optional] 
**updated_timestamp** | **Number** | The updated time of the settlement request, represented as a UNIX timestamp in seconds. | [optional] 
**initiator** | **String** |  The initiator of this settlement request. Can return either an API key or the Payments App&#39;s ID.  - Format &#x60;api_key_&lt;API_KEY&gt;&#x60;: Indicates the settlement request was initiated via the Payments API using the API key. - Format &#x60;app_&lt;APP_ID&gt;&#x60;: Indicates the settlement request was initiated through the Payments App using the App ID.  | [optional] 
**acquiring_type** | [**AcquiringType**](AcquiringType.md) |  | [optional] 
**payout_channel** | [**PayoutChannel**](PayoutChannel.md) |  | [optional] 
**settlement_type** | [**SettlementType**](SettlementType.md) |  | [optional] 
**currency** | **String** | The fiat currency for the settlement request. | [optional] 
**received_amount_fiat** | **String** | The received fiat amount of this settlement request.  | [optional] 
**bank_account** | [**BankAccount**](BankAccount.md) |  | [optional] 


